Product catalog rendering and transactional system (#1600)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/set_up_products.md

> # Set up product for purchasing

Author: For doc reviewers: not quite satisfied with the title, happy to hear better alternatives

To enable purchasing from the catalog, the following configuration is required:

- at least [one region and one currency for the shop](#region-and-currency)
- [VAT rates for the product type](#vat-rates)
- at least [one price for the product](#product-price)
- [availability with positive or infinite stock for the product](#product-availability)

## Region and currency

All currencies available in the system must be enabled in the Back Office under **Commerce** -> **Currencies**.

Additionally, you must configure currencies valid for specific SiteAccesses in configuration:

``` yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        shop:
            product_catalog:
                currencies:
                    - EUR
                    - USD
                regions:
                    - france
                    - germany
                    - norway
```

### Configuring other regions and currencies

By default, the system always uses the first currency and the first region configured.

> To implement a different logic, for example a switcher for preferred currencies and regions,
> you need to use `CurrencyResolverInterface` and `RegionResolverInterface` in you customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement a different logic, for example a switcher for preferred currencies and regions,
you need to use `CurrencyResolverInterface` and `RegionResolverInterface` in you customization.
```

`\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Events\CurrencyResolveEvent` and `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Events\RegionResolveEvent` should be subscribed in order to customize this logic. 

Mentioned services are meet to be used to read current currency / region.

> To implement a different logic, for example a switcher for preferred currencies and regions,
> you need to use `CurrencyResolverInterface` and `RegionResolverInterface` in you customization.

Author: ```suggestion
To implement a different logic, for example a switcher for preferred currencies and regions,
you need to subscribe to `Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Events\CurrencyResolveEvent`
and `Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Events\RegionResolveEvent` in your customization.
```

# Set up product for purchasing

To enable purchasing from the catalog, the following configuration is required:

- at least [one region and one currency for the shop](#region-and-currency)
- [VAT rates for the product type](#vat-rates)
- at least [one price for the product](#product-price)

> - [availability with positive or infinite stock for the product](#product-availability)

Reviewer 2: How about adding direct links to Product price and Product availability. Currently there is one more click to get to the point, maybe we could reduce it to only one :)
